docs: incorporate Alex feedback (#269)
cancervariants/gene-normalization: docs/source/normalizing_data/normalization.rst

The normalized record
---------------------

> Normalized records are structured as `Genes <https://github.com/ga4gh/vrs/tree/2.0-alpha>`_ per the VRS 2.x schema. The normalized gene concept is provided and additional metadata is deposited as a label, xrefs, alternate labels, as well as Extensions for more complex information (such as loci and gene type). The following demonstrates this model for the BRAF gene:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normalized records are structured as `Genes <https://github.com/ga4gh/vrs/tree/2.0-alpha>`_ per the VRS 2.x schema. The normalized gene concept is provided and additional metadata is deposited as a label, mappings, aliases, as well as Extensions for more complex information (such as loci and gene type). The following demonstrates this model for the BRAF gene:
```

             "type": "SequenceLocation",
             "sequenceReference": {
               "type": "SequenceReference",
               "refgetAccession": "SQ.F-LrLMe1SRpfUZHkQmvkVKFEGaoDeHul"
             },
             "start": 140719326,
             "end": 140924929
           }
         ]
       },
       {
         "type": "Extension",
         "name": "ncbi_locations",
         "value": [
           {
             "id": "ga4gh:SL.uNBZoxhjhohl24VlIut-JxPJAGfJ7EQE",
             "type": "SequenceLocation",
             "sequenceReference": {
               "type": "SequenceReference",
               "refgetAccession": "SQ.F-LrLMe1SRpfUZHkQmvkVKFEGaoDeHul"
             },
             "start": 140713327,
             "end": 140924929
           }
         ]
       },
       {
         "type": "Extension",
         "name": "hgnc_locus_type",
         "value": "gene with protein product"
       },
       {
         "type": "Extension",
         "name": "ncbi_gene_type",
         "value": "protein-coding"
       },
       {
         "type": "Extension",
         "name": "ensembl_biotype",
         "value": "protein_coding"
       }
     ],
     "mappings": [
       {

>          "id": null,

Reviewer: Exclude nulls?

Author: Yeah, is there a reason we don't do this by default?

Reviewer: I think I forgot to do the response_model_exclude_none in gene, but have done in other places
